---
title: Hello, World! I'm Anthony
date: "2021-03-10T00:00:00.001Z"
description: "Introduction"
---
Hello folks, I'm Anthony(Tony). Formally, I am the Director of Technologies and Innovation at CSEngineering. Informally, I am a Tech evangelist, nerd, geek, Dad, Husband, veteran, market speculator, and a whole lot of other things.  

I believe I have a unique background with even more unique experiences to share, so here goes. I started out in my IT career as I would think the typical person does. Video games! As soon as I could afford to pay for the parts for my own PC I did it. I worked for 5.25 an hour at a local shrub nursery during summers to earn enough to buy my first computer parts. I played computer games mainly growing up and I definitely dabbled in linux at 11 years old. Around the time I was ready to graduate high school I didn't know what I wanted to do. Naturally, I went to college like I felt was necessary and I quickly failed out in the very first semester. Mainly because all I did was play video games! After that I work a few jobs here and there for a few years until I decided I wanted to join the United States Air Force 5 days after my 21st birthday. I took a open electrical contract with the USAF and was placed into the Air Force Specialty Code 3D1X2. Otherwise known as Cyber Transport. Cyber Transport is just a fancy name for Computer Network Technician. Basically, I was doing Tier I help desk support and some Tier II tasks associated with the maintenance/compliance of the network. For 3 years I worked in Anchorage, Alaska doing that job. By the end of it I felt like I had more to prove and give back to the USAF. During my off duty hours I was attending full time college in a Computer Science degree program at Regis University. 

From Alaska, I applied to the Joint Communications Unit. This unit serves as the premier communications unit for the Joint Special Operations Command. This is proved to be the hardest yet most valuable experience I have ever went through up until this point. During selection we were constantly tested in different ways. Physically, mentally, and spiritually(trust me, some of the guys/gals challenged you interpersonally...Looking at you John). I found that I was most challenged by the fitness requirements. Luckily enough I succeeded and was selected to join the Unit. In the Unit we were responsible for everything communications related. From the satellite/commercial internet connection all the way through to the computer the operators/staff were using. It is a ton of information to store and know about. Foolishly this is where I learned that there was no way possible way to understand everything about anything in tech. I don't think humans have that kind of capacity. Certainly I don't, anyway. Within the Unit I served in what's known as the Line Troops and the NOSS. The line troops were the ones responsible for the maintenance of the deployed communications network and the NOSS was essentially the NOC for the line troops. So when they couldn't figure something out they would have reach back support in the NOC to assist. From the NOC I was selected by the command to help found the Global Analytics Platform as a software engineer. I was selected because of my Bachelor's experience in writing code. The Air Force has programmers/software engineers, but they aren't really assigned properly and often times don't exist in many communications units in general. When I moved over to the GAP I learned mainly Agile and Extreme Programming principles at Pivotal Labs. I worked in that position for over 2 years before I left and became a full time contractor at DoD Platform One helping them create and implement a kubernetes platform for the whole of government.

I hope that this helps define some areas where I have unique perspectives.  I want to share all the details and learnings that happened in between my multiple career shifts over my short 8 year career within the government. Also, its is ironic to have landed in the position I am in now. I could have been any job in the Air Force. Yet I feel into somethings I loved. Not completely happenstance, I certainly worked hard to achieve what I wanted to achieve, but saying there was no help along the way would be naive of me.



